Title: 생명체의 화학 원소들 : 진화론-문제점 [한국창조과학회 자료실]
URL: https://creation.kr/Influence/?bmode=view&idx=1289892
Crawl Time: 2004-07-24T12:00:00+09:00
Content:
생명체의 화학 원소들 (Chemical Elements of Life)     생명체의 화학 진화는 우스꽝스럽고 확률적으로 불가능하다. 무엇이 그 확률을 증가시킬 수 있는가? 생명체의 주요 구성 성분인 탄소, 산소, 질소와 같은 주요 원소들을 지구의 초기 상태부터 매우 높은 농도로 시작되었어야 한다.1 그러나 이런 원소들을 자세히 조사하여 보면 볼수록, 진화는 일어날 수 없는 것처럼 보인다.      탄소 (Carbon) : 생명체 출현 이전의 (진화론에서 추정하는) 암석들은 매우 적은 양의 탄소를 가지고 있다.2 만약 생명체가 진화하였다면, 필요한 탄소를 공급하기 위해서 탄소가 풍부한 독성의 대기를 상상하여야만 한다. 비교를 위해 오늘날의 대기는 처음 화석들이 형성된 이후 지구표면 위에 가지고 있던 탄소의 1/80,000 을 가지고 있다. (See Table 5 on page 168)산소 (Oxygen) : 어떠한 이론도 지구 대기에 그 많은 산소가 어떻게 생기게 되었는지를 설명하지 못한다. 수많은 과정들은 진화하는 지구에서 산소를 흡수했어야 한다.3 만약 초기 지구의 대기에 산소가 있었다면, 생명체가 진화하는데 필요한 화학물질들은(아미노산이라 불리는) 산화(oxidation)에 의해서 파괴되었을 것이다.4그러나 만약 산소가 없었다면, 대기권에 오존(산소의 한 형태)층도 없었을 것이다. 지구를 보호해주는 오존층이 없었다면, 태양의 자외선은 생명체를 파괴했을 것이다.5 오존층과 생명체가 있게되는 유일한 방법은 둘 다 동시에 존재하는 것이다. 이것을 다른 말로 하면 창조이다.질소 (Nitrogen) : 진흙과 여러 암석들은 질소를 흡수한다. 생명체가 진화되기 전에 수억년이 지나갔다면, 생명체 출현 이전의 퇴적층들은 질소로 가득 차 있어야만 한다. 연구자들은 그러한 퇴적물들을 전혀 발견하지 못했다.6기초 화학은 생명체의 진화를 지지하지 않는다.7    *한국창조과학회 자료실/진화론/화학진화에 있는 많은 자료들을 참조하세요    http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/listview.asp?category=I05 References and Notes1. The four most abundant chemical elements, by weight, in the human body are oxygen (65%), carbon (18%), hydrogen (10%), and nitrogen (3%).2. Carbon is only the 18th most abundant element, by weight, in the earth’s crust. Furthermore, almost all carbon is tied up in organic matter, such as coal and oil, or in sediments deposited after life began, such as limestone or dolomite.3.“The cause of the initial rise in oxygen concentration presents a serious and unresolved quantitative problem.” Leigh Van Valen, “The History and Stability of Atmospheric Oxygen, Science, Vol. 171, 5 February 1971, p. 442.4. Since 1930, knowledgeable evolutionists have realized that earth’s atmosphere had to acquire, somehow, its oxygen after life evolved.  But how?Cyanobacteria break down carbon dioxide and water and release oxygen. In 1987, William J. Schopf claimed that he and his graduate student had discovered fossils of 3.4billion-year-old cyanobacteria. This, he said, is how the atmosphere gained its oxygen after these bacteria - shielded by a shallow sea from ultraviolet radiation - evolved. Evolutionists eagerly accepted this long awaited discovery as a key part of their theory of how life evolved.That former graduate student and other experts have since charged Schopf with withholding evidence that those fossils were not cyanobacteria. Most experts feel betrayed by Schopf, who now accepts that his “specimens were not oxygen-producing cyanobacteria after all.” [See Rex Dalton, “Squaring Up over Ancient Life,” Nature, Vol. 417, 20 June 2002, pp. 782-784.] Academic orthodoxy - supported by a fame-seeking evolutionist who withheld evidence and saw what he wanted to see and what others wanted to believe - has crumbled.5. Hitching, p. 65.6.“If there ever was a primitive soup [to provide the chemical compounds for evolving life], then we would expect to find at least somewhere on this planet either massive sediments containing enormous amounts of the various nitrogenous organic compounds, amino acids, purines, pyrimidines and the like, or alternatively in much metamorphosed sediments we should find vast amounts of nitrogenous cokes. In fact no such materials have been found anywhere on earth. Indeed to the contrary, the very oldest of sediments ... are extremely short of nitrogen.” J. Brooks and G. Shaw, Origin and Development of Living Systems (New York: Academic Press, 1973), p. 359.7.“The acceptance of this theory [life’s evolution on earth] and its promulgation by many workers [scientists and researchers] who have certainly not always considered all the facts in great detail has in our opinion reached proportions which could be regarded as dangerous.”  Ibid., p. 355.Certainly, ignoring indisputable, basic evidence in most scientific fields is expensive and wasteful. Failure to explain the evidence to students betrays a trust and misleads future teachers and leaders.Readers should consider why, despite the improbabilities and lack of proper chemistry, many educators and the media have taught for a century that life evolved on earth. Abandoning or questioning that belief leaves only one strong contender - creation. Questioning evolution in some circles invites ostracism, much like stating that the proverbial emperor “has no clothes.”번역 - 미디어위원회링크 - http://www.creationscience.com/출처 - CSC구분 - 2옛 주소 - http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/itemview.asp?no=602참고 :
