Title: 복잡한 분자들, 완벽히 발달된 장기들, 그리고 분명한 종들 : 진화론-종분화 [한국창조과학회 자료실]
URL: https://creation.kr/Variation/?bmode=view&idx=1290330
Crawl Time: 2004-07-28T12:00:00+09:00
Content:
복잡한 분자들, 완벽히 발달된 장기들, 그리고 분명한 종들(1) 복잡한 분자들과 장기들생명체를 유지하는데 필요한 많은 분자들(예컨대 DNA, RNA, 단백질들...)은 너무도 복잡해서, 그들이 우연히 진화되었다는 주장은 매우 의심스럽다. 게다가, 그런 주장들은 실험적 지지도 결여되어 있다.1 돌연변이나 어떤 자연적인 과정으로 새로운 장기들, 특별히 눈2, 귀, 뇌와3 같은 고도로 복잡한 장기들이 우연히 만들어질 수 있다는 것은 도저히 일어날 수 없는 불가능할 것으로 보여진다. 예를 들어, 성인의 뇌(brain)는 1014 개(100 조개)의 전기적 연결망(electrical connections)을 가지고 있다.4 이것은 전 세계의 전기설비에서의 전기적 연결망 보다도 많다. 사람의 심장은 10 온스의 펌프로서, 75 년 동안 윤활유와 유지보수 없이도 가동되는 엔진공학의 경이이다.5      (2) 완벽히 발달된 장기들모든 생물종들은 부분적으로 발달된 장기들이 아닌, 완벽히 발달된 장기들을 가지고 나타난다. 그들은 디자인되어 있음을 보여준다.6 날개들, 눈들7, 피부, 관들(동맥들, 정맥들, 내장들...등등), 수천, 수만의 생물체 장기들 중에서 반만 발달되어 발견된 예는 없다. 100% 완벽하지 않은 장기들, 즉 부분적으로 발달된 장기들은 생물체의 생존에 불리하다. 예를 들어 파충류의 다리가 새의 날개로 진화했다면, 완벽한 날개가 되기 전에 나쁜 다리를 오랫동안 가지고 있었을 것이다.8 (그림 4 를 보라).그림 4 : 소진화 대 대진화 (Microevolution vs. Macroevolution). 대진화는 어떤 특성과 장기들의 복잡성이 상향적 변화를 요구한다는 것에 주목하라. 소진화는 단지 수평적인 변화를(복잡성의 증가가 아니라) 포함한다. 과학(science)은 항상 관찰되는 것과 반복되는 것에 기초한다. 그러면 무엇이 관찰되었는가? 우리는 그림 아래쪽에서 4 종의 도마뱀의 변종들(variations)을 볼 수 있다. 상향적으로는 조류가 나타내어 있다. 만약 대진화가 발생하였다면, 수많은 중간형태의 종들이 있었음에 틀림없다. 그러나 수많은 화석들이나, 살아있는 생물종들에서 이들 중간형태는 전혀 찾아볼 수 없다. 주의깊은 관찰자라면, 이러한 진화론적 상향적 변화에 있어서, 믿기 어려운 불연속성들(discontinuities)을 일상적으로 발견하게 된다. 다윈 이후의 진화론자들은, 왜 전 세계의 화석박물관들은 이러한 중간형태의 화석들로 넘쳐나지 못하는지를 설명해야만 한다. (3) 분명한 형태의 종들만약 진화가 발생하였다면, 많은 생물체들 사이에는 점차적인 과도기 형태의 중간생물체들을 볼 수 있어야 한다. 예를 들어 개들의 다양한 변종들은 고양이의 변종들과 섞여서 나타날 수 있어야 한다. 실제로, 오리너구리(duckbilled platypus)와 같은 몇몇 동물들은 그들의 진화론적 조상과는 전혀 관계가 없는 장기들을 가지고 있다. 오리너구리는 털(fur)을 가지고 있고, 온혈동물이고, 새끼들은 포유류처럼 젖을 빤다. 그것은 가죽같이 질긴 알들을 낳고, 복부에 하나의 열린 통로(ventral opening)를 가지며(배설, 짝짓기, 출산을 위한), 대부분의 파충류처럼 발톱과 견갑대(shoulder girdle)를 갖고 있다. 오리너구리는 몇몇 물고기(어류)처럼 전기적 흐름(직류와 교류)을 감지할 수 있고, 오리(조류)처럼 주둥이(bill)를 가지고 있다.또한 수달처럼 앞다리에 물갈퀴를 가지고 있고, 베버처럼 납작한 꼬리를 가지며, 수컷은  독사처럼 독을 내뿜을 수 있다. 이러한 여러 부류의 특징들을 혼합해서 가지고 있는(모자이크라 불리는) '잡동사니(patchwork)' 동물들과 식물들은 진화계통나무에서 해당되는 적절한 위치를 찾을 수 없다.             동식물의 어떠한 주요한 그룹들이 어떤 다른 주요한 그룹에서 생겨났다는 직접적인 증거는 없다.9 종들(species)은 결코 연장되어 존재하지 않고, 오로지 존재를 멈춘 채로(멸종된 채로) 관측된다.10그림 5 : 오리주둥이의 오리너구리 (Duckbilled Platypus). 오리너구리는 오로지 태즈메이니아와 호주 동부에서만 발견된다. 최초로 오리너구리를 연구하고 'platypus' 라는 이름을 붙였던 유럽의 과학자들은 다른 동물의 이름을 합성하여 만들었다. 오리너구리의 '잡동사니(patchwork)' 같은 모습은 각 동물은 다른 동물과 매우 유사할 것이 틀림없다고 믿고있던 사람들에게만 보여지는 모습이다. 사실, 오리너구리는 그 환경에 완벽히 디자인되어 있다. References and Notes1.'There has never been a meeting, or a book, or a paper on details of the evolution of complex biochemical systems.” Michael J. Behe, Darwin’s Black Box (New York: The Free Press, 1996), p. 179.* 'Molecular evolution is not based on scientific authority. There is no publication in the scientific literature - in prestigious journals, speciality journals, or book - that describes how molecular evolution of any real, complex, biochemical system either did occur or even might have occurred. There are assertions that such evolution occurred, but absolutely none are supported by pertinent experiments or calculations. Since no one knows molecular evolution by direct experience, and since there is no authority on which to base claims of knowledge, it can truly be said that - like the contention that the Eagles will win the Super Bowl this year - the assertion of Darwinian molecular evolution is merely bluster.”  Behe, p. 186.2.'While today’s digital hardware is extremely impressive, it is clear that the human retina’s real-time performance goes unchallenged. Actually, to simulate 10 milliseconds (ms) of the complete processing of even a single nerve cell from the retina would require the solution of about 500 simultaneous nonlinear differential equations 100 times and would take at least several minutes of processing time on a Cray supercomputer. Keeping in mind that there are 10 million or more such cells interacting with each other in complex ways, it would take a minimum of 100 years of Cray time to simulate what takes place in your eye many times every second.” John K. Stevens, 'Reverse Engineering the Brain,” Byte, April 1985, p. 287.* 'Was the eye contrived without skill in opticks [optics], and the ear without knowledge of sounds?” Isaac Newton, Opticks (England: 1704; reprint, New York: McGraw-Hill, 1931), pp. 369-370.* 'Certainly there are those who argue that the universe evolved out of a random process, but what random process could produce the brain of a man or the system of the human eye?” Wernher von Braun (probably the rocket scientist most responsible for the United States’ success in placing men on the Moon) from a letter written by Dr. Wernher von Braun and read to the California State Board of Education by Dr. John Ford on 14 September 1972.* 'What random process could possibly explain the simultaneous evolution of the eye’s optical system, the nervous conductors of the optical signals from the eye to the brain, and the optical nerve center in the brain itself where the incoming light impulses are converted to an image the conscious mind can comprehend?” Dr. Wernher von Braun, foreword to From Goo to You by Way of the Zoo by Harold Hill (Plainfield, New Jersey: Logos International, 1976), p. xi.* 'The probability of dust carried by the wind reproducing Durer’s ‘Melancholia’ is less infinitesimal than the probability of copy errors in the DNA molecule leading to the formation of the eye; besides, these errors had no relationship whatsoever with the function that the eye would have to perform or was starting to perform. There is no law against daydreaming, but science must not indulge in it.” [emphasis in original] Grasse, p. 104.* 'It must be admitted, however, that it is a considerable strain on one’s credulity to assume that finely balanced systems such as certain sense organs (the eye of vertebrates, or the bird’s feather) could be improved by random mutations. This is even more true for some of the ecological chain relationships (the famous yucca moth case, and so forth). However, the objectors to random mutations have so far been unable to advance any alternative explanation that was supported by substantial evidence.” Ernst Mayr, Systematics and the Origin of Species (New York: Dover Publications, 1942), p. 296.* Although Robert Jastrow generally accepts Darwinian evolution, he acknowledges that:It is hard to accept the evolution of the human eye as a product of chance; it is even harder to accept the evolution of human intelligence as the product of random disruptions in the brain cells of our ancestors. Robert Jastrow, 'Evolution: Selection for Perfection,” Science Digest, December 1981, p. 87.* Many leading scientists have commented on the staggering complexity of the human eye. What some do not appreciate is how many diverse types of eyes there are, each of which adds to the problem for evolution.  ·One of the strangest is a multiple-lensed, compound eye found in fossilized worms! [See Donald G. Mikulic et al., 'A Silurian Soft-Bodied Biota,” Science, Vol. 228, 10 May 1985, pp. 715-717.]  ·Another type of eye belongs to some trilobites, which evolutionists claim are very early forms of life. These trilobite eyes had compound lenses, sophisticated designs for eliminating image distortion (spherical aberration). Only the best cameras and telescopes contain compound lenses. Trilobite eyes 'represent an all-time feat of function optimization.” Riccardo Levi-Setti, Trilobites, 2nd edition (Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1993), pp. 29-74. Shawver described trilobite eyes as having 'the most sophisticated eye lenses ever produced by nature.”  Lisa J. Shawver, 'Trilobite Eyes: An Impressive Feat of Early Evolution,” Science News, Vol. 105, 2 February 1974, p. 72. Gould admits that 'The eyes of early trilobites, for example, have never been exceeded for complexity or acuity by later arthropods. ... I regard the failure to find a clear ‘vector of progress’ in life’s history as the most puzzling fact of the fossil record.” Stephen Jay Gould, 'The Ediacaran Experiment,” Natural History, February 1984, pp. 22-23.  ·The brittlestar, an animal similar to a 5-arm starfish, has, as part of its skeleton, thousands of eyes, each smaller than the diameter of a human hair. Each eye consists of a calcium carbonate crystal that acts as compound lens and precisely focuses light on a bundle of nerves. If an arm is lost, a new arm regenerates along with its array of eyes mounted on the upper-back side of the arm. While evolutionists had considered these animals primitive, Sambles admits that 'Once again we find that nature foreshadowed our technical developments.” Roy Sambles, 'Armed for Light Sensing,” Nature, Vol. 412, 23 August 2001, p. 783. The capabilities of these light-focusing lenses exceed today’s technology.3. 'To my mind the human brain is the most marvelous and mysterious object in the whole universe and no geologic period seems too long to allow for its natural evolution.” Henry Fairfield Osborn, an influential evolutionist speaking to the American Association for the Advancement of Science in December 1929, as told by Roger Lewin, Bones of Contention (New York: Simon and Schuster, Inc., 1987), p. 57. [Even greater capabilities of the brain have been discovered since 1929.  Undoubtedly, more remain. W.B.]* 'And in Man is a three-pound brain which, as far as we know, is the most complex and orderly arrangement of matter in the universe.” Isaac Asimov, 'In the Game of Energy and Thermodynamics You Can’t Even Break Even,” Smithsonian, August 1970, p. 10.Asimov forgot that the brain, and presumably most of its details, is coded by only a fraction of an individual’s DNA. Therefore, it would be more accurate to say that DNA is the most complex arrangement of matter known in the universe.* The human brain is frequently likened to a supercomputer. In most respects the brain greatly exceeds any computer’s capabilities. Speed is one area where the computer beats the brain - at least in some ways. For example, few of us can quickly multiply 0.0239 times 854.95. This task is called a floating point operation, because the decimal point 'floats” until we (or a computer) decide where to place it. The number of floating point operations per second (FLOPS) is a measure of a computer’s speed. As of this writing, a Japanese computer can achieve a 36 trillion FLOPS (36 petaFLOPS). Within the next few years, petaFLOPS machines, will be commonplace. One challenge is to prevent these superfast computers from melting. Their electricity concentrates extreme heat in tiny volumes.Overall, the human brain seems to operate at petaFLOPS speeds - without overheating. One knowledgeable observer on these ultrafast computers commented,The human brain itself serves, in some sense, a proof of concept [that cool petaFLOPS machines are possible]. Its dense network of neurons apparently operates at a petaFLOPS or higher level. Yet the whole device fits in a 1 liter box and uses only about 10 watts of power. That’s a hard act to follow. Ivars Peterson, 'PetaCrunchers: Setting a Course toward Ultrafast Supercomputing,” Science News, Vol. 147, 15 April 1995, p. 235.How, then, could the brain have evolved?4.'The human brain consists of about ten thousand million nerve cells. Each nerve cell puts out somewhere in the region of between ten thousand and one hundred thousand connecting fibres by which it makes contact with other nerve cells in the brain. Altogether the total number of connections in the human brain approaches 1015 or a thousand million million. ... a much greater number of specific connections than in the entire communications network on Earth.” Denton, pp. 330-331.* '... the human brain probably contains more than 1014 synapses ...” Deborah M. Barnes, 'Brain Architecture: Beyond Genes,” Science, Vol. 233, 11 July 1986, p. 155.5. Marlyn E. Clark, Our Amazing Circulatory System, Technical Monograph No. 5 (San Diego: Creation-Life Publishers, 1976).6. William Paley, Natural Theology (England: 1802; reprint, Houston, Texas: St. Thomas Press, 1972).This work by Paley, which contains many powerful arguments for a Creator, is a classic in scientific literature. Some people might feel its date of original publication (1802) makes it completely out of date. Not so. Hoyle and Wickramasinghe compared Darwin’s ideas with those of Paley as follows:The speculations of The Origin of Species turned out to be wrong, as we have seen in this chapter. It is ironic that the scientific facts throw Darwin out, but leave William Paley, a figure of fun to the scientific world for more than a century, still in the tournament with a chance of being the ultimate winner. Fred Hoyle and N. Chandra Wickramasinghe, Evolution from Space: A Theory of Cosmic Creationism (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1981), pp. 96-97.7. Asa Gray, a famous Harvard botany professor, who was to become a leading theistic evolutionist, wrote Darwin expressing doubt that natural processes could explain the formation of complex organs such as the eye. Darwin expressed a similar concern in his return letter of February 1860.The eye to this day gives me a cold shudder, but when I think of the fine known gradations [available through millions of years of evolution], my reason tells me I ought to conquer the cold shudder. Charles Darwin, The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin, Vol. 2, editor Francis Darwin (New York: D. Appleton and Co., 1899), pp. 66-67.And yet, Darwin admitted that'To suppose that the eye with all its inimitable contrivances for adjusting the focus to different distances, for admitting different amounts of light, and for the correction of spherical and chromatic aberration, could have been formed by natural selection, seems, I freely confess, absurd in the highest degree.” Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species, p. 75.Darwin then proceeded to speculate on how the eye might nevertheless have evolved. However, no evidence was given. Later, he explained how his theory could be falsified.If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down. Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species, p. 179.* 'It’s one of the oldest riddles in evolutionary biology: How does natural selection gradually create an eye, or any complex organ for that matter? The puzzle troubled Charles Darwin, who nevertheless gamely nailed together a ladder of how it might have happened - from photoreceptor cells to highly refined orbits - by drawing examples from living organisms such as mollusks and arthropods. But holes in this progression have persistently bothered evolutionary biologists and left openings that creationists have been only too happy to exploit.” Virginia Morell, 'Placentas May Nourish Complexity Studies,” Science, Vol. 298, 1 November 2002, p. 945.David Reznick, and evolutionary biologist at the University of California (Riverside) explained:Darwin had to use organisms from different classes because there isn’t a living group of related organisms that have all the steps for making an eye.To solve this dilemma, Reznick points to different species of a guppylike fish, some of which have no placenta and others that have 'tissues that might become placentas.” However, when pressed, 'Resnick admits that the [guppylike fish’s] placenta might not be as sophisticated as the mammalian placenta” [or the eye of any organism]. Ibid.'The eye, as one of the most complex organs, has been the symbol and archetype of his [Darwin’s] dilemma. Since the eye is obviously of no use at all except in its final, complete form, how could natural selection have functioned in those initial stages of its evolution when the variations had no possible survival value? No single variation, indeed no single part, being of any use without every other, and natural selection presuming no knowledge of the ultimate end or purpose of the organ, the criterion of utility, or survival, would seem to be irrelevant. And there are other equally provoking examples of organs and processes which seem to defy natural selection. Biochemistry provides the case of chemical synthesis built up in several stages, of which the intermediate substance formed at any one stage is of no value at all, and only the end product, the final elaborate and delicate machinery, is useful - and not only useful but vital to life. How can selection, knowing nothing of the end or final purpose of this process, function when the only test is precisely that end or final purpose?” Gertrude Himmelfarb, Darwin and the Darwinian Revolution (Garden City, New York: Doubleday, 1959), pp. 320-321.8. 'Of what possible use are the imperfect incipient stages of useful structures? What good is half a jaw or half a wing?” Stephen Jay Gould, 'The Return of Hopeful Monsters,” p. 23.9. And let us dispose of a common misconception. The complete transmutation of even one animal species into a different species has never been directly observed either in the laboratory or in the field.” Dean H. Kenyon (Professor of Biology, San Francisco State University), affidavit presented to the U.S. Supreme Court, No. 85-1513, Brief of Appellants, prepared under the direction of William J. Guste, Jr., Attorney General of the State of Louisiana, October 1985, p. A-16.* 'Thus so far as concerns the major groups of animals, the creationists seem to have the better of the argument. There is not the slightest evidence that any one of the major groups arose from any other. Each is a special animal complex related, more or less closely, to all the rest, and appearing, therefore, as a special and distinct creation.” Austin H. Clark, 'Animal Evolution,” Quarterly Review of Biology, Vol. 3, No. 4, December 1928, p. 539.* 'When we descend to details, we cannot prove that a single species has changed; nor can we prove that the supposed changes are beneficial, which is the groundwork of the theory [of evolution].” Charles Darwin, The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin, p. 210.* 'The fact that all the individual species must be stationed at the extreme periphery of such logic [evolutionary] trees merely emphasized the fact that the order of nature betrays no hint of natural evolutionary sequential arrangements, revealing species to be related as sisters or cousins but never as ancestors and descendants as is required by evolution.” [emphasis in original] Denton, p. 132.10. '... no human has ever seen a new species form in nature.” Steven M. Stanley, The New Evolutionary Timetable (New York: Basic Books, Inc., 1981), p. 73.  *한국창조과학회 자료실/진화론의 주장/종의 분화에 있는 자료들을 참조하세요    http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/listview.asp?category=J03번역 - 미디어위원회링크 - http://www.kacr.or.kr/databank/document/data/evolution/e2/e24/e24c9.htm , http://www.creationscience.com/출처 - CSC구분 - 3옛 주소 - http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/itemview.asp?no=626참고 :
