Title: 유전적 거리 : 진화론-종분화 [한국창조과학회 자료실]
URL: https://creation.kr/Variation/?bmode=view&idx=1290329
Crawl Time: 2004-07-28T12:00:00+09:00
Content:
유전적 거리 (Genetic Distances)요즈음에는 서로 다른 생물체들 사이의 유사성(similarity) 정도를 측정할 수 있는 기술들이 존재한다.단백질들 : 유전적 거리(genetic distances)는 특정한 단백질을 취하여 구성물(아미노산)의 배열 순서를 조사함으로서 계산될 수 있다. 생물체의 한 단백질과 다른 생물체의 같은 단백질을 비교하였을 때, 두 종 사이의 관계가 가깝다면, 약간의 변화만이 일어나 있을 것이다. 이러한 연구들은 심각하게 진화론과 모순되고 있음이 밝혀졌다.1    일찍이 에너지 생산에 사용되는 단백질인 cytochrome c 는 47 종의 다른 생물체들의 것들이 컴퓨터를 사용하여 비교 연구되었다. 이 연구에서 이 하나의 단백질은 진화론과 심각하게 모순된다는 것을 발견하였다. 예를 들어 진화론에 의하면, 방울뱀(rattlesnake)의 것은 다른 파충류들의 것과 가장 가까워야만 한다. 대신 방울뱀은 사람의 것과 가장 유사하였다.2이 연구 이후에, 전문가들은 수백 여의 유사한 모순점들을 발견해 오고 있다.3       DNA and RNA : 서로 다른 생물체들의 유전물질(genetic material)에 대해서도 비교가 이루어졌다. 유전자 염기서열이 해독되어 'GenBank' 와 같은 곳에서는 자료화되고 있는 생물들의 목록이 매년 두 배씩 증가하고 있다. 자료화 되어있는 모든 다른 유전자들과 각 유전자들을 컴퓨터를 이용하여 비교하여 보면, 많은 유전자들이 다른 생물의 것과는 완전히 관련이 없음을 보여주고 있다.4그러므로 유전자들 사이에 진화론적 관계는 완전히 없는 것으로 보인다. 더군다나, 전통적인 진화론적인 계통순서 즉, 단순한 바다생물, 물고기, 양서류, 파충류, 포유류 등의 분자수준에서 진화한 흔적은 전혀 없다.5 각 생물군들은 거의 한결같이 독립되어 나타난다.6결론적으로, 생물체의 외형적인 모습(outward appearance)에만 기초하였던 진화계통나무(evolutionary trees)는 오늘날에 와서 생물체의 유전정보로 비교할 수 있게 되었는데, 비교된 생물체의 유전정보는 진화계통나무와 대대적으로 모순되고 있다는 것이다.7  *한국창조과학회 자료실/진화론의 주장/종의 분화에 있는 많은 자료들을 참조하세요    http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/listview.asp?category=J03 Reference and Notes1. Dr. Colin Patterson - Senior Principal Scientific Officer in the Palaeontology Department at the British Museum (Natural History) - gave a talk on 5 November 1981 to leading evolutionists at the American Museum of Natural History. He compared the amino acid sequences in several proteins of different animals. The relationships of these animals, according to evolutionary theory, have been taught in classrooms for decades. Patterson explained to a stunned audience that this new information contradicts the theory of evolution. In his words, 'The theory makes a prediction; we’ve tested it, and the prediction is falsified precisely.” Although he acknowledged that scientific falsification is never absolute, he admitted 'evolution was a faith,” he was 'duped into taking evolutionism as revealed truth in some way,” and 'evolution not only conveys no knowledge but seems somehow to convey anti-knowledge, apparent knowledge which is harmful to systematics [the science of classifying different forms of life].” 'Prominent British Scientist Challenges Evolution Theory,” Audio Tape Transcription and Summary by Luther D. Sunderland, personal communication. For other statements from Patterson’s presentation see: Tom Bethell, 'Agnostic Evolutionists,” Harper’s Magazine, February 1985, pp. 49-61.* '... it seems disconcerting that many exceptions exist to the orderly progression of species as determined by molecular homologies ...” Christian Schwabe, 'On the Validity of Molecular Evolution,” Trends in Biochemical Sciences, July 1986, p. 280.'It appears that the neo-darwinian hypothesis is insufficient to explain some of the observations that were not available at the time the paradigm [the theory of evolution] took shape. ... One might ask why the neo-darwinian paradigm does not weaken or disappear if it is at odds with critical factual information. The reasons are not necessarily scientific ones but rather may be rooted in human nature.”  Ibid., p. 282.* But no matter how the computer analysis was run, the molecular and morphological [evolutionary] trees could not be made to match.” Trisha Gura, 'Bones, Molecules ... or Both?”  Nature, Vol. 406, 20 July 2000, p. 232.2. Robert Bayne Brown, Abstracts: 31st International Science and Engineering Fair (Washington D.C.: Science Service, 1980), p. 113.* Ginny Gray, 'Student Project ‘Rattles’ Science Fair Judges,” Issues and Answers, December 1980, p. 3.3.'As morphologists with high hopes of molecular systematics, we end this survey with our hopes dampened. Congruence between molecular phylogenies is as elusive as it is in morphology and as it is between molecules and morphology.”  Colin Patterson et al., p. 179.4. Gregory J. Brewer, 'The Imminent Death of Darwinism and the Rise of Intelligent Design,” ICR Impact, No. 341, November 2001, pp. 1-4.* Field, pp. 748-753.5. Denton, p. 285.6.'The really significant finding that comes to light from comparing the proteins’ amino acid sequences is that it is impossible to arrange them in any sort of evolutionary series.” Ibid., p. 289.* 'Thousands of different sequences, protein and nucleic acid, have now been compared in hundreds of different species but never has any sequence been found to be in any sense the lineal descendant or ancestor of any other sequence.” Ibid., pp. 289-290.* 'Each class at a molecular level is unique, isolated and unlinked by intermediates. Thus molecules, like fossils, have failed to provide the elusive intermediates so long sought by evolutionary biology.”  Ibid., p. 290.* 'There is little doubt that if this molecular evidence had been available one century ago it would have been seized upon with devastating effect by the opponents of evolution theory like Agassiz and Owen, and the idea of organic evolution might never have been accepted.” Ibid., pp. 290-291.* 'In terms of their biochemistry, none of the species deemed ‘intermediate’, ‘ancestral’ or ‘primitive’ by generations of evolutionary biologists, and alluded to as evidence of sequence in nature, show any sign of their supposed intermediate status.” Ibid., p. 293.7.'Instead, the comparisons [using DNA] have yielded many versions of the tree of life that differ from the rRNA tree and conflict with each other as well.” Elizabeth Pennisi, 'Is It Time to Uproot the Tree of Life? Science, Vol. 284, 21 May 1999, p.1305.번역 - 미디어위원회링크 - http://www.creationscience.com/ ,출처 - CSC구분 - 3옛 주소 - http://www.kacr.or.kr/library/itemview.asp?no=606참고 :
