Title: 창세기 대홍수의 중요성 : 한국창조과학회
URL: https://creation.kr/Topic202/?bmode=view&idx=6609737
Crawl Time: 2021-05-06T10:19:37+09:00
Content:
크리스천들은 왜 한 번의 전 지구적인 대홍수를 믿어야 하는가?‘창세기 대홍수’ : 동일과정설 지질학에 치명타를 가하다.신약성경에 언급된 전 지구적 대홍수노아 시대 홍수 심판의 의미지구의 나이 논쟁에 있어서 열쇠 : 노아 홍수는 장구한 시간과 양립될 수 없다수십억 년의 연대를 받아들여서는 안 되는 7 가지 이유아담의 범죄 이전에 사망이 있었는가?화석 생물들은 언제 죽었는가? : 아담 이전의 죽음은 성경을 왜곡하는 것이다어느 믿음이 최근의 탈선인가? : 오래된 지구 창조론, 또는 젊은 지구 창조론?성경을 죽기까지 사랑하기세상에서 가장 위험한 책은?The young earth and the Flood : why they matterDetailed analysis of the Hebrew text of the Genesis Flood. A review of 'Grappling with the Chronology of the Genesis Flood' (Steven W. Boyd and Andrew A. Snelling Editors) Heat Problems Associated with Genesis Flood Models—Part 1 : Introduction and Thermal Boundary Conditions. (ARJ)Heat Problems Associated With Genesis Flood Models—Part 2 : Secondary Temperature Indicators. (ARJ)Heat Problems Associated with Genesis Flood Models—Part 3 : Vapour Canopy Models. (ARJ)Heat Problems Associated with Genesis Flood Models—Part 4 : Heat Deposited by Magmatic Activity. (ARJ) A Reply to Bruce Gordon’s Biblical Critique of Young-Earth Creationism. (ARJ)The Flood was historically global, not hyperbolically global.  A review of 'The Lost World of the Flood: Mythology, theology, and the deluge debate'Genesis and catastropheFlood models and biblical realismStartling evidence for Noah’s FloodTwo date range options for Noah’s Flood God Floods Earth, Yet Preserves Ark-Borne Humans And Animals: Exegetical And Geological Notes On Genesis Chapter 7 (CRSQ)Extensive Messianic Prophecy Corruptions and Flood-Related Chronology Errors Disqualify the Septuagint (LXX) as a Reliable Source for Creationist Research (CRSQ) Global Flood (That’s a Fact, ICR 동영상)Geological Evidences for a Young Earth - Pt 1 | The Creation Podcast: Episode 54 (ICR 동영상)Geological Evidences for a Young Earth - Pt 2 | The Creation Podcast: Episode 55 (ICR 동영상)▶ The Flood (AiG)▶ Flood of Noah ca. 3300 BC (Associates for Biblical Research)▶ Noah’s Flood Q&A(CMI)▶ Geology Q&A(CMI)
