Title: 성경의 모순으로 주장되는 것들 - 기타 : 한국창조과학회
URL: https://creation.kr/Topic502/?bmode=view&idx=6825534
Crawl Time: 2021-06-01T18:14:13+09:00
Content:
에덴동산은 어디에 있었나?에덴동산은 발견된 적이 있는가?하나님은 왜 에덴동산에 선악과를 두셨습니까?모세가 하나님을 대면하였다는 성경의 기록은 하나님을 보고 살 자가 없을 것이라는 구절과 서로 모순되는가?다윗이 골리앗을 죽인 것은 살인하지 말라는 계명과 모순되지 않는가?예수님이 모든 피조물보다 먼저 나신 이라면, 어떻게 창조주가 될 수 있는가?예수님이 십자가에서 돌아가셨을 때의 나이는?예수님이 십자가에 달리셨을 때의 어둠 : 은유인가, 사실인가?심장도 생각하는가? : 심장은 단순한 기계적 펌프만이 아니다.하나님이 우주에 수많은 은하들을 창조하신 이유는?하나님은 왜 그렇게 거대한 우주를 만드셨을까?성경은 인종차별을 지지하는가?구약A Change of Heart.  Does God change His mind?Doesn't the Bible Support Slavery?Does the Bible Encourage Masters to Beat Their Slaves?Does the Bible condone torture?Is the Bible ‘evil’?Does the Bible promote injustice?Can God Be Tempted? The Bible clearly states that God cannot be tempted by evil, so why do other passages speak of God being tempted?Planting Confusion.  Were plants created on Day Three or Day Six?Who Gets the Blame for Original Sin—Adam or Eve? Genesis 3 states that Eve ate the fruit first, but Romans 5 states that Adam caused sin to enter the world.Could Adam Eat from Any Tree?  Did God contradict Himself concerning what He said Adam could eat?The Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil : Evil or Good?Full of Meaning.  Why would God tell Adam and Eve to “replenish” the earth in Genesis 1:22 if they were the first humans?Left in the Dust.  Do snakes really eat dust like Genesis says?Talking Snakes and Magical TreesWas Adam With Eve When She Spoke to the Serpent?What Is God’s Name in the Old Testament?  God was known by several names in the Old Testament. Which one is accurate?To Die or Not to Die.  Did Enoch die as Hebrews 11:13 seems to imply or was he taken as stated in Genesis 5:24 and Hebrews 11:5?My Three Sons. Were Noah’s sons born when he was 500 as Genesis 5:32 says or not as stated in Genesis 7:6 and Genesis 11:10?Times of Recession.  When was the earth dry after the Flood of Noah’s day?Longevity or Countdown?  How long did God say people will live after Noah?The Order of Nations.  Do Genesis 10 and 11 contradict each other about the origin of nations and people groups?Contradictions : My Two Sons.  Did Abraham have one son or more than one?Unacceptable Offering?  God claims to abhor child sacrifice, but did He endorse it in the case of Jephthah’s daughter?Contradictions : Did Abraham Really Live to a “Good Old Age”?Who Destroyed Sodom?  In Genesis 19:13, two angels claim they would destroy Sodom, but verse 24 records that the Lord destroyed it.Livestock or “Deadstock”.  Did the fifth plague kill all of the Egyptian livestock?Face to Face.  Can God be seen face to face (Genesis 32:30; Exodus 33:11) or not (Exodus 33:20; John 1:18; 1 John 4:12)?Are There 20 Commandments?Isn’t the God of the Old Testament Harsh, Brutal, and Downright Evil?Do the Ten Commandments Need a Modern Update?The Bible vs slavery and apartheidAnti-slavery activist William Wilberforce : Christian heroGenerational Gaffe?  1 Samuel 9:1 states that Kish (Saul’s father) was the son of Abiel, but 1 Chronicles states that Kish was the son of Ner.Sleeping in the Temple?  How could the young Samuel have been sleeping in the Temple when the Temple was not built until much later?Balancing the Budget. 2 Samuel and 1 Chronicles seem to claim that David paid different prices to different individuals for the site of the temple.Elisha, Little Children, and the BearsDid Michal Have Children or Not?  A reader wonders why there seems to be a contradiction in 2 Samuel about Michal having children.Contradiction : Who Incited David to Count the Fighting Men of Israel—God or Satan?A Time to Kill?  Is it okay to kill, like David killing Goliath or Joshua eliminating Canaanites?  Or is killing forbidden?David : Little Guy or Mighty Man of War?Contradiction : Who Incited David to Count the Fighting Men of Israel—God or Satan?Cut in Half.  Was Solomon really going to cut a baby in half?Does Song of Solomon Teach Sexual Immorality?Is Male Circumcision Healthy?Who created God?Questioning God’s many attributes 신약 The Firstborn Creator?  How could Jesus be the Creator (John 1:1–3) if he was the firstborn of all creation (Colossians 1:15)?Crossed Messages.  Why do the inscriptions on Jesus’s cross differ among the four gospels?Did Jesus Contradict Himself by Calling People Fools?First Impressions.  Did Jesus first appear to the eleven disciples on a mountain in Galilee or in Jerusalem behind closed doors?Who Really Carried the Cross of Jesus?When Was the Temple Veil Torn in Two?Against the Law.  Doesn’t Jesus contradict Old Testament teachings by not stoning the adulteress, which was commanded?Mother Knows Best.  The book of Matthew states that the mother of James and John asked Jesus for a special privilege, while the book of Mark declares that James and John actually asked for this honor.Christ’s Resurrection—Four Accounts, One RealityA Lot of Righteousness.  How could Lot be called righteous in 2 Peter 2:7–8 when he did so many bad things as recorded in Genesis 19?Did Jesus Go Up or Down the Mountain?  Did Jesus go up or down the mountain to deliver the Sermon on the Mount?What’s in a Father’s Name?  Why does Joseph (Jesus’s supposed father) have two different fathers listed in Matthew 1:16 and Luke 3:23?Contradictions : Bearing Burdens and Loads.Root of All Evil?  Is money good or bad?Centurion Contradiction?  When Jesus entered Capernaum he healed the slave of a centurion.  Did the centurion come personally to request Jesus for this?Counting Offspring.  Is Jesus God’s only Son?How Many Times Was Jesus Anointed?Does Luke 16:29–31 Contradict John 11?Wilderness or Wedding?  Was Jesus in the wilderness or at the wedding in Cana three days after His baptism?The Unforgivable Sin.  Can all sins be forgiven (Acts 13:39; Titus 2:14; 1 John 1:9) or not (Matthew 12:31; Mark 3:29; Luke 12:10)?When Did Jesus Cleanse the Temple?Marriage—Good or Bad?  God said it was not good for man to be alone, so why did Paul say it is good to remain single?Act Like a Child.  Why does the Bible say to be like a child, but then to put away childish things?Greater Than or Equal To?  If Jesus is God (John 1, Colossians 1, Hebrews 1, Philippians 2:5–8), then why was the Father greater than Jesus in John 14:28?Did Animal Sacrifices Remove Sin?  Leviticus 4:20–35 seem to teach that animal sacrifices can take away sins, while Hebrews 10:4–11 reveal they did not.Accounts Payable.  Can man be held accountable for his sinful actions, and yet have Christ act as a substitution for his sins?Did Jesus Contradict Himself by Calling People Fools?Does Job Contradict James 3:7?Why Don’t Christians Follow All the Old Testament Laws?Theistic Evolution and Its Christological Contradiction.▶ Demolishing Supposed Bible Contradictions : Volume 1 (AiG)▶ Demolishing Supposed Bible Contradictions : Volume 2 (AiG) 
